update `getBindingsProxy` documentation (#12787)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/_partials/_ai-local-usage-charges.md

---
_build:
  publishResources: false
  render: never
  list: never
---

> {{<Aside type="note" header="Workers AI local usage charges">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<Aside type="note" header="Workers AI local development usage charges">}}
```

---
_build:
  publishResources: false
  render: never
  list: never
---

> Using Workers AI always accesses your Cloudflare account in order to run AI models, and so will incur usage charges
> even in local development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<Aside type="note" header="Workers AI local usage charges">}}

Using Workers AI always accesses your Cloudflare account in order to run AI models, and will incur usage charges even in local development.

{{</Aside>}}
```
